Update docs/setup/best-practices/certificates.md (#44617)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/best-practices/certificates.md

Kubernetes requires PKI for the following operations:

### Server certificates

* Server certificate for the API server endpoint
* Server certificate for the etcd server

> * [Server certificates](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/kubelet-tls-bootstrapping/#client-and-serving-certificates) each kubelet (every {{< glossary_tooltip text="node" term_id="node" >}} runs a kubelet)

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
* [Server certificates](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/kubelet-tls-bootstrapping/#client-and-serving-certificates) for each kubelet (every {{< glossary_tooltip text="node" term_id="node" >}} runs a kubelet)
```

> * [Server certificates](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/kubelet-tls-bootstrapping/#client-and-serving-certificates) for each kubelet (every {{< glossary_tooltip text="node" term_id="node" >}} runs a kubelet)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Server certificates](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/kubelet-tls-bootstrapping/#client-and-serving-certificates)
  for each kubelet (every {{< glossary_tooltip text="node" term_id="node" >}} runs a kubelet)
```

* Optional server certificate for the [front-proxy](/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/configure-aggregation-layer/)

### Client certificates

* Client certificates for each kubelet, used to authenticate to the API server as a client of
  the Kubernetes API
* Client certificate for each API server, used to authenticate to etcd
* Client certificate for the controller manager to securely communicate with the API server
* Client certificate for the scheduler to securely communicate with the API server
* Client certificates, one for each node, for kube-proxy to authenticate to the API server
* Optional client certificates for administrators of the cluster to authenticate to the API server
* Optional client certificate for the [front-proxy](/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/configure-aggregation-layer/)

### Kubelet's server and client certificates

> To establish a secure connection and authenticate itself to the kubelet, the kube-apiserver requires a client certificate and key pair. In this scenario, there are two approaches for certificate usage: using shared certificates or separate certificates;

Reviewer 2: Please manually wrap the long lines.

We spell `kube-apiserver`, i.e. the command and/or the binary name with backtiqs,
or "API Server" as a generic term. We don't spell "kube-apiserver" as a generic term.

Author: Addressed in latest commit

  for each kubelet (every {{< glossary_tooltip text="node" term_id="node" >}} runs a kubelet)
* Optional server certificate for the [front-proxy](/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/configure-aggregation-layer/)

### Client certificates

* Client certificates for each kubelet, used to authenticate to the API server as a client of
  the Kubernetes API
* Client certificate for each API server, used to authenticate to etcd
* Client certificate for the controller manager to securely communicate with the API server
* Client certificate for the scheduler to securely communicate with the API server
* Client certificates, one for each node, for kube-proxy to authenticate to the API server
* Optional client certificates for administrators of the cluster to authenticate to the API server
* Optional client certificate for the [front-proxy](/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/configure-aggregation-layer/)

### Kubelet's server and client certificates

To establish a secure connection and authenticate itself to the kubelet, the API Server 
requires a client certificate and key pair. 

In this scenario, there are two approaches for certificate usage: 
using shared certificates or separate certificates;

> * Shared Certificates: The kube-apiserver can utilize the same certificate and key pair it uses to authenticate its clients. This means that the existing certificates, such as `apiserver.crt`  and `apiserver.key`, can be used for communicating with the kubelet servers.

Reviewer 3: Hi @ArmandoHerra, I only noticed this new addition to the docs and I am wondering if you would have other links supporting this shared certificate mode. The kubelet config state this for `serverTLSBootstrap`:
```
serverTLSBootstrap enables server certificate bootstrap. Instead of self signing a serving certificate, the Kubelet will request a certificate from the 'certificates.k8s.io' API. This requires an approver to approve the certificate signing requests (CSR). The RotateKubeletServerCertificate feature must be enabled when setting this field. Default: false
```

https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/config-api/kubelet-config.v1beta1/#kubelet-config-k8s-io-v1beta1-KubeletConfiguration

This is also consistent with what I observed about 2 years ago when I had to deep dive on this specific subject (kubelet server certificate). How this is phased seems to subject that the option is between shared certificate and separate certificate whereas the option I linked above seems to subject the option is actually to get a self signed certificate and the apiserver not able to trust it or separate certificate like you mentioned below. Do you have more resources about this shared certificates modes? Maybe it was some ""recent"" changes that I am not aware and/or that the kubelet config option description wasn't updated.

Kubernetes requires PKI for the following operations:

> ### Server Certificates

Reviewer 4: (nit)
```suggestion
### Server certificates
```

Author: Changed

* Server certificate for the API server endpoint

> * Server certificate for the ETCD server

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Server certificate for each etcd server
```
?

Author: Added change from ETCD to etcd

> * [Server certificates](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/kubelet-tls-bootstrapping/#client-and-serving-certificates) for the Kubelets (one for each worker node) so the API server can communicate with the Worker Nodes

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [Server certificates](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/kubelet-tls-bootstrapping/#client-and-serving-certificates) for each kubelet (every {{< glossary_tooltip text="node" term_id="node" >}} runs a kubelet)
```

Author: Applied suggested changes

> * Server certificate for the [front-proxy](/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/configure-aggregation-layer/)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Optional server certificate for the [front-proxy](/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/configure-aggregation-layer/)
```
(is it optional? I'm guessing)

Author: Added optional as suggested

> ### Client Certificates

Reviewer 4: (nit)
```suggestion
### Client certificates
```

Author: Changed

> * Client certificates for the Kubelet to authenticate to the API server

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Client certificates for each kubelet, used to authenticate to the API server as a client of
   the Kubernetes API
```

Author: Added suggested changes

> * Client certificate for the API server to securely communicate with the ETCD server

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Client certificate for each API server,  used to authenticate to etcd
```

Author: Added suggested changes

> * Client certificate for the Controller Manager to securely communicate with the API server
> * Client certificate for the Scheduler to securely communicate with the API server

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Client certificate for the controller manager to securely communicate with the API server
* Client certificate for the scheduler to securely communicate with the API server
```

> * Client certificates for Administrators of the Cluster to authenticate to the API server

Reviewer 4: This is optional.

> * Client certificates for kube-proxy to authenticate to the API server

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Client certificates, one for each node, for kube-proxy to authenticate to the API server
```
?

> * Client certificate for the [front-proxy](/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/configure-aggregation-layer/)

Reviewer 4: This is optional.

> 

Reviewer 4: Does the API server need a certificate to authenticate itself to the kubelets?

Author: To establish a secure connection and authenticate itself to the kubelet, the kube-apiserver requires a client certificate and key pair. In this scenario, there are two approaches for certificate usage: using shared certificates or separate certificates; 

- Shared Certificates: The kube-apiserver can utilize the same certificate and key pair it uses to authenticate its clients. This means that the existing certificates, such as `apiserver.crt` and `apiserver.key`, can be used for communicating with the kubelet servers.

- Separate Certificates: Alternatively, the kube-apiserver can generate a new client certificate and key pair to authenticate its communication with the kubelet servers. In this case, a distinct certificate named `kubelet-client.crt` and its corresponding private key, `kubelet-client.key` are created.

Reviewer 4: OK, I recommend mentioning that in the docs.
In other words: tell the readers, not just the reviewers.

Author: @sftim I've added the explanation as suggested in my latest commit. Let me know if it looks good.

{{< note >}}
`front-proxy` certificates are required only if you run kube-proxy to support
[an extension API server](/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/setup-extension-api-server/).
{{< /note >}}

> ETCD also implements mutual TLS to authenticate clients and peers.

Reviewer 4: It's “etcd”; see https://etcd.io/

Author: Changed to "etcd"
